"Let me tell you a true story -" Said Chanticleer, "."There was two friends who went on a journey together for some good purpose or other ; and it came late one evening to a certain town, where they intended to spend the night. The town was so full of strangers that they went from house to house finding any one who would take them both in, for there was not even a single cottage where there was two beds to spare. So the friends were forced to part company and manage as well as they could each for themself. One could no longer find no better lodging than an ox's stall in an out of the way yard, but his friend was more lucky and was lodged well enough. Now, the second of the 2 friends lying in his comfortable bed, when, in the middle of the night, he dreamt that he heard his friend calling to him and saying, "Come and help me, dear brother, or I shall be murdered this night in an ox's stall where I am lying. HELP! HELP!" The dreamer awoke out of his dream in horror, but when he found that it was only a dream, he turned on his other side and when to sleep again. The horrible dream came again and woke him, but he took no notice of it and when to sleep again. Then he thought he saw his friend come to him a third time and say, "It's too late, and I have been murdered. See my bloody wounds, Get up early to-morrow and at the west gate if the town you will see a cart. In the cart boldly. I was murdered for my money." And the dreamer thought his friend stood by his bedside with a pale face, and told him exactly how he had been killed. The next morning, as soon it was light, the man who had these dreams go up and went to find his friends., and when he reached his yard he began to call him. Presently, an ostler came up and said, "Your friend is gone, sir ; he went out of town at daybreak." When he heard this man remembered his dreams and felt a dreadful suspicion. He went strait to the west gate of town, and there he found a cart full of dead bodies. Then he cried, and shouted. "Murder! Help! My friend had been killed! Alas! My friend is murdered." The people ran together and made the cart very unhappy and uncomfortable,So true it is that "Murder will out." The carter and the ostler were caught and put to the torture till they were hanged by the neck of it." This story shows that sometimes dreams come true. And you know how it is true? I read the same story on different books!"
